feat: add support for discarding flags while inheriting (#14465)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/changes.rst

* Added :http:get:`/api/units/(int:id)/translations/` to retrieve a list of all target translation units for the given source translation unit.
* Added :http:delete:`/api/groups/(int:id)/roles/(int:role_id)` to delete a role from a group.
* :ref:`check-automattic-components-format` check to validate placeholders in Automattic components.

> * Flags can now be discarded while inheriting, see :ref:`custom-checks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Inherited flags can now be discarded, see :ref:`custom-checks`.
```
